[synthetics] Update available methods for creating monitors (#2242)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/uptime-set-up.asciidoc

[[uptime-set-up]]
= Use lightweight monitors

> To set up an uptime monitor, you need to configure the monitor, run it, and send data back to {es}.

Reviewer: ? should this be
> To set up an _lightweight_ monitor

> To set up an uptime monitor, you need to configure the monitor, run it, and send data back to {es}.

Reviewer: ? should this be
> To set up an _lightweight_ monitor

[[uptime-set-up-choose]]
== Choose an approach

There are two ways to set up a lightweight monitor: *{heartbeat}* or the *{uptime-app}*.

|===
| **{heartbeat}** | {heartbeat} is a lightweight daemon that you install on a remote server to periodically
check the status of your services and determine if they are available. Performance data is
then gathered and reported back to {heartbeat}, where it's formatted and sent to the {stack}.

This approach is only recommended for <<monitoring-uptime,lightweight checks>>, and
works well for system administrators wanting to configure lightweight
monitors using YAML files.

You should _not_ use this approach to create browser monitors.

> Instead, use project monitors with the {uptime-app}.

Reviewer: Might be worth adding a link to it from here

You can now create monitors directly in the {uptime-app}.
To try out this beta functionality, you will need to enable Monitor Management.

This approach works well if you want to configure and update monitors using a

> UI in your browser or using a GitOps workflow.

Reviewer: I think this may be a little confusing, if they are using the Uptime app suggested of using the UI to configure monitors (not project monitors via config files)

Author: That's fair. Would "Monitor management" be an appropriate alternative or do you think they need to presented as three distinct options?

image:images/uptime-set-up-app.png[]

> | **Project monitors** | beta[] With project monitors, you write tests in an external Node.js project and use `@elastic/synthetics` library’s push command to create monitors in {kib}.

Reviewer 2: We now support pushing lightweight monitors as of 8.5!

```suggestion

| **Project monitors** | beta[] With project monitors, you write tests in an external version controlled project using Javascript for Browser monitors and YAML for Lightweight monitors, using the `@elastic/synthetics` NPM library’s push command to create monitors in {kib}.
```

I think this sounds a little less scary to boot.

Author: Ok... you just snuck this one in!! 🙃  I'll merge as soon as all checks pass.
